content/projects/750-words/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "750 Words"
one_liner = "A private journaling community and tool for writing every day."
featured_image = "/images/750-birds.png"
date = "2018-12-22"
draft = false
url = '750-words'

layout = "project"
project_weight = 2 # 1 = low, 3 = high
featured = true
+++

### What is it?

It's a website that's all about learning a new habit: Writing. Every. Day.

I've long been inspired by an idea I first learned about in *The Artist's Way* called morning pages. Morning pages are three pages of writing done every day, typically encouraged to be in "long hand", typically done in the morning, that can be about anything and everything that comes into your head. It's about getting it all out of your head, and is not supposed to be edited or censored in any way. The idea is that if you can get in the habit of writing three pages a day, that it will help clear your mind and get the ideas flowing for the rest of the day. Unlike many of the other exercises in that book, I found that this one actually worked and was really really useful.

I've used the exercise as a great way to think out loud without having to worry about half-formed ideas, random tangents, private stuff, and all the other things in our heads that we often filter out before ever voicing them or writing about them. It's a daily brain dump. Over time, I've found that it's also very helpful as a tool to get thoughts going that have become stuck, or to help get to the bottom of a rotten mood.

750 Words is the online, future-ified, fun-ified translation of this exercise.

Commit message:

templates for the life of pages

content/projects/750-words/_index.md, after:

+++
title 					= "750 Words"
one_liner 			= "A private journaling community and tool for writing every day."
featured_image 	= "/images/750-birds.png"
date 						= "2009-12-16"
draft = false
url = '750-words'

piles    = ['self-reflection', 'mindfulness']
projects = []
layout = "project"
project_weight = 2 # 1 = low, 3 = high
featured = true
+++

<p><a href="https://750words.com" class="btn btn-sm btn-outline-success" target="_new">Visit 750 Words</a></p>

### What is it?

![750 Words Homepage](/images/projects/750words-homepage.png)

It's a website that's all about learning a new habit: Writing. Every. Day.

I've long been inspired by an idea I first learned about in *The Artist's Way* called morning pages. Morning pages are three pages of writing done every day, typically encouraged to be in "long hand", typically done in the morning, that can be about anything and everything that comes into your head. It's about getting it all out of your head, and is not supposed to be edited or censored in any way. The idea is that if you can get in the habit of writing three pages a day, that it will help clear your mind and get the ideas flowing for the rest of the day. Unlike many of the other exercises in that book, I found that this one actually worked and was really really useful.

I've used the exercise as a great way to think out loud without having to worry about half-formed ideas, random tangents, private stuff, and all the other things in our heads that we often filter out before ever voicing them or writing about them. It's a daily brain dump. Over time, I've found that it's also very helpful as a tool to get thoughts going that have become stuck, or to help get to the bottom of a rotten mood.

750 Words is the online, future-ified, fun-ified translation of this exercise.

### Some articles about it

- <a href="https://qz.com/777929/writing-morning-pages-can-offer-many-of-the-same-benefits-as-meditation/" target="_blank">How Writing 750 Words a Day Could Change Your Life</a> by Quartz
- <a href="http://www.becomingwhoyouare.net/an-interview-with-750-words-creator-buster-benson/" target="_blank">An Interview with 750 Words Creator Buster Benson</a> by Becoming Who You Are
- <a href="https://lifehacker.com/750-words-clears-your-mind-gets-ideas-flowing-5482921" target="_blank">750 Words Clears Your Mind, Gets Ideas Flowing</a> by Lifehacker
- <a href="https://lifehacker.com/want-to-create-a-new-habit-get-ready-to-break-it-5964439" target="_blank">Want to Create a New Habit? Get Ready to Break It</a> by Lifehacker
